= TorrentProcessor Overview

==== Generated:	07/31/2011
==== Copyright (c) 2011, kTech Systems LLC. All rights reserved.
==== Website:   	http://ktechsystems.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------

== OVERVIEW:
TorrentProcessor is an application that facilitates movement and
monitoring of torrents that are downloaded by uTorrent.

TorrentProcessor's goal is to copy torrents to an external (to uTorrent)
directory for incorporation into XBMC via SickBeard. TP copies (not moves) the
torrents so that uTorrent can continue to seed torrents. When uTorrent
indicates that seeding of a torrent has been completed, TP will send a
request to uTorrent to remove the torrent and torrent data as well as
delete the downloaded file. This helps to keep the system clean of large
extraneous (duplicate) files.

TorrentProcessor leverages the {WebUI interface}[http://www.utorrent.com/community/developers/webapi] with uTorrent to manipulate
the torrent data.

TP is designed to be run on a regular basis by the scheduler (hourly). It can also
be used interactively by running it with the -i option.
    
== CUSTOMIZING YOUR CODE:

You should add all of your data functionality to the Processor
object that has been created for you in lib/processor.rb.

To modify command line arguments, you should edit bin/torrentprocessor
and lib/controller.rb

Add or modify configuration values by editing lib/config.rb.

Turn on logging (including display of stack trace when exceptions
are thrown) by uncommenting the '$LOGGING = true' line
in lib/torrentprocessor.rb
	
	
	